Mermbeship, eStore and Digital River problem
Hello, in the last one year I had been communicating with various people in Autodesk membership, including a lady from Switzerland but she could not do anything. Fusion 260 is a wonderful program, it helps me to design over 300+ commercial projects for my own factories, shops and distributors. 

 

My annual renewal date is 29th of January 2015 but I think I might stand to lose the membership because Autodesk never care too much about the eStore operation and Digital River operation.

 

I rented my license from the Singapore eStore because there is no Fusion360 link in Hong Kong because maybe Autodesk does not believe that Hong Kong people are advanced enough to use the program. Well one of their most advanced users actually lives and operates his International business there using Fusion 360.  I had to use my Singapore office address to rent the license and I actually changed my Centurion Card address temporarily to Singapore to get it.  However in the last whole year I had been trying to change payment methods and address of my Credit Card on record but that is a dead hole. I could find the membership information from Singapore eStore but no way to change any information. I had changed my credit card address back to HK because that is where I live. I simply cannot change my address to Singapore again and wait for Digital River to charge the card because I do not know when.

 

There are other things going into my card, like supplemental card holders etc so I cannot keep the Singapore address there for more than 15 to 20 minutes.  Centurion Card membership allows us to change address to anywhere in the world for personal certain purposes. Only card in the world that allows us to do that because this membership is only by invitation from Centurion membership.

 

So I would say if Autodesk does not put some attention into this matter, I will lose my membership. Maybe other people will lose to.

 

People do move to other countries, do have to change credit card information but there is no way to do anything about that. That is a dead end.

 

I need the name of a responsible person whom I can talk to when my membership had been revoked due to Credit Card address not matching problem . My credit card address is my Hong Kong address at this time.

 

Thanks for listening.

 

Regards,

Kingson Lee

the Board can send me PM on that.



